So here is what I have been doing for my extreme combination skin. I have eczema in some places, and blackheads and blemishes and others, which makes finding products not only difficult on my skin by also on my wallet. I took an old Jurlique Herbal Recovery pump bottle (while I love Jurlique products, they are a bit expensive for my student budget), and filled it with Aloe vera gel, and tea tree oil. It created a pleasantly cooling serum, that is naturally antibacterial. The aloe is moisturizing but non comedogenic, and the naturally anti bacterial tea tree oil helps to reduce redness, blemishes, and even helps to prevent black heads. It’s also cooling and feels luxurious.  After a week of use alot of my redness and irritation has dissipated, and my breakouts are down to to a minimum. Please try this, it’s been lovely.
Karma Cleanse
Shea butter is a fat extracted from the nuts of a Shea African tree. The best form of shea butter to use is unrefined pure shea butter which is extracted and processed only with water. It can be white or a yellowish shade. Refined shea butter has been more processed but still contains the majority […]Need 100% Unrefined Shea Butter in Opheim? Check Grade A Montana Pure shea Butter. This is a post from: African Raw Shea Butterfrom African Raw Shea Butter http://ift.tt/1Wl7ESIvia rawsheabutter.org
Shea butter is a fat extracted from the nuts of a Shea African tree. The best form of shea butter to use is unrefined pure shea butter which is extracted and processed only with water. It can be white or a yellowish shade. Refined shea butter has been more processed but still contains the majority […]Need 100% Unrefined Shea Butter in Harmony? Check Grade A New York Pure shea Butter. This is a post from: African Raw Shea Butterfrom African Raw Shea Butter http://ift.tt/1JVcy3Wvia rawsheabutter.org
Shea butter is a fat extracted from the nuts of a Shea African tree. The best form of shea butter to use is unrefined pure shea butter which is extracted and processed only with water. It can be white or a yellowish shade. Refined shea butter has been more processed but still contains the majority […]Need 100% Unrefined Shea Butter in Racine? Check Grade A Wisconsin Pure shea Butter. This is a post from: African Raw Shea Butterfrom African Raw Shea Butter http://ift.tt/1Eon4dCvia rawsheabutter.org
Shea butter is a fat extracted from the nuts of a Shea African tree. The best form of shea butter to use is unrefined pure shea butter which is extracted and processed only with water. It can be white or a yellowish shade. Refined shea butter has been more processed but still contains the majority […]Need 100% Unrefined Shea Butter in Hammond? Check Grade A New York Pure shea Butter. This is a post from: African Raw Shea Butterfrom African Raw Shea Butter http://ift.tt/1IINElWvia rawsheabutter.org
Shea butter is a fat extracted from the nuts of a Shea African tree. The best form of shea butter to use is unrefined pure shea butter which is extracted and processed only with water. It can be white or a yellowish shade. Refined shea butter has been more processed but still contains the majority […]Need 100% Unrefined Shea Butter in Wachapreague? Check Grade A Virginia Pure shea Butter. This is a post from: African Raw Shea Butterfrom African Raw Shea Butter http://ift.tt/1L75Idavia rawsheabutter.org
Shea butter is a fat extracted from the nuts of a Shea African tree. The best form of shea butter to use is unrefined pure shea butter which is extracted and processed only with water. It can be white or a yellowish shade. Refined shea butter has been more processed but still contains the majority […]Need 100% Unrefined Shea Butter in Camden-on-gauley? Check Grade A West Virginia Pure shea Butter. This is a post from: African Raw Shea Butterfrom African Raw Shea Butter http://ift.tt/1EnYTMAvia rawsheabutter.org
Shea butter is a fat extracted from the nuts of a Shea African tree. The best form of shea butter to use is unrefined pure shea butter which is extracted and processed only with water. It can be white or a yellowish shade. Refined shea butter has been more processed but still contains the majority […]Need 100% Unrefined Shea Butter in Taylorsville? Check Grade A Utah Pure shea Butter. This is a post from: African Raw Shea Butterfrom African Raw Shea Butter http://ift.tt/1Nb8A8mvia rawsheabutter.org
Shea butter is a fat extracted from the nuts of a Shea African tree. The best form of shea butter to use is unrefined pure shea butter which is extracted and processed only with water. It can be white or a yellowish shade. Refined shea butter has been more processed but still contains the majority […]Need 100% Unrefined Shea Butter in Arcadia? Check Grade A California Pure shea Butter. This is a post from: African Raw Shea Butterfrom African Raw Shea Butter http://ift.tt/1MkV0OOvia rawsheabutter.org
Shea butter is a fat extracted from the nuts of a Shea African tree. The best form of shea butter to use is unrefined pure shea butter which is extracted and processed only with water. It can be white or a yellowish shade. Refined shea butter has been more processed but still contains the majority […]Need 100% Unrefined Shea Butter in Navajo Mountain? Check Grade A Utah Pure shea Butter. This is a post from: African Raw Shea Butterfrom African Raw Shea Butter http://ift.tt/1TrDtujvia rawsheabutter.org
Shea butter is a fat extracted from the nuts of a Shea African tree. The best form of shea butter to use is unrefined pure shea butter which is extracted and processed only with water. It can be white or a yellowish shade. Refined shea butter has been more processed but still contains the majority […]Need 100% Unrefined Shea Butter in Clarkton? Check Grade A North Carolina Pure shea Butter. This is a post from: African Raw Shea Butterfrom African Raw Shea Butter http://ift.tt/1J4fxq4via rawsheabutter.org
Shea butter is a fat extracted from the nuts of a Shea African tree. The best form of shea butter to use is unrefined pure shea butter which is extracted and processed only with water. It can be white or a yellowish shade. Refined shea butter has been more processed but still contains the majority […]Need 100% Unrefined Shea Butter in Stamping Ground? Check Grade A Kentucky Pure shea Butter. This is a post from: African Raw Shea Butterfrom African Raw Shea Butter http://ift.tt/1f81fbNvia rawsheabutter.org
New Post has been published on http://www.pakistanimodels.pk/sajh-eid-ul-azha-collection-2013-women/Sajh Eid Ul Azha Collection 2013 For WomenSajh is considered to be popular and well known fashion brand in Pakistan. It was founded in 2012 by Bushra Abid. This brand provides clothes for women for special occasions and events. We would like to mention that Sajh provides limited number of collections. But every collection was hugely liked by Pakistani women. The main product lines of Sajh fashion brand are casual wear, formal wear, party wear, evening wear etc. In all the collections, Sajh used woven as well as printed fabric. Bushra Abid plays with different but attractive in order to create unique colors combinations. For Eid-ul-Azha, Sajh is back with its latest collection.Sajh Eid Ul Azha Collection 2013 For WomenRecently, Sajh has launched its latest and exclusive Eid Ul Azha collection 2013 for women. This Eid collection 2013 includes casual and party wear dresses. In this collection, women will find embroidered and printed type of dresses. In this collection, Sajh used bright colors like purple, red, maroon, green etc. Sajh Eid collection 2013 includes long shirts and frocks with tights, trousers and churidaar pajamas. All the Eid dresses are traditional and elegant. We would like to mention that these Eid dresses are ideal for middle aged women and young girls.Sajh Eid Ul Azha Collection 2013 For GirlsFew pictures of Sajh Eid ul Azha collection 2013 for women are given below. The outlet of Sajh is located in Islamabad. You can also buy the dresses through facebook by sending a message. If you want to buy elegant dress on this Eid then you should visit its facebook fan page in order to check out the whole collection and price range. The link is mentioned below. Overall, we can say that Sajh Eid collection 2013 is elegant, traditional and beautiful. So don’t waste your time because Eid is almost near and you can buy ready to wear dress from this collection.Sajh Facebook Fan Page: http://www.facebook.com/SajhbyBushraFew Pictures Of Sajh Eid Ul Azha Collection 2013 For Women					#gallery-1 				margin: auto;						#gallery-1 .gallery-item 				float: left;				margin-top: 10px;				text-align: center;				width: 33%;						#gallery-1 img 				border: 2px solid #cfcfcf;						#gallery-1 .gallery-caption 				margin-left: 0;						/* see gallery_shortcode() in wp-includes/media.php */
New Post has been published on http://www.pakistanimodels.pk/nimsay-verve-ready-wear-eid-collection/Nimsay Verve Ready to Wear Eid Collection 2013 For WomenNimsay is a Pakistan Fashion Brand was launched in 2010 with new passion to provide women’s high quality fabrics. Nimsay Redefining style is a famous in Glamour in Pakistan. They have everything to serve you every season whether it is hot or cold , Nimsay can provide to enhance the beauty of pakistani Women. Nimsey intricate embroidered designs with latest fashion update.. Verve stunning pret wear Parsa lawn prints, Aura fancy wedding wear designs for girls and women’s.Verve by Nimsay Winter Eid arrivals 2013 are included long shirts and frocks with trousers and churidar pajamas. Nimsay has embellished this winter season collection 2013 with bright shades such as pink, red, green, black, blue and etc etc. These dresses are perfect for Eid, formal, semi-formal and stylish party wear fashion for hot girls and sweet women’s.Your wait for VERVE ready to wear is over .This Winter Eid season’s much awaited Nimsay ready to wear collection 2013 in Stores now.Nimsay Stores:: Lahore, Faisalabad, Multan, Sialkot, Sargodha, Gujranwala, Sahiwal, Rahim Yar Kahn, UK(Manchester), UAE(Dubai), Kharian and Isalmabad (soon).For further details, pricing online orders contact at: +92-332-8669414 or Email at: nimsay2011@gmail.comNimsay Verve Winter Eid Collection 2013 For Girls and Women With Price Details:Below you can see all the designs of Nimsay Eid colection 2013. The price of each dress is written on the dress you can see you self. I hope you would really like this collection. From my point of view i like the orange color dress in this collection. May be you also like that one or may not because our choice can be different from each other. You can easily buy any Nimsay dress by contacting at the contact number given above. For any question lease let me know via comments.					#gallery-1 				margin: auto;						#gallery-1 .gallery-item 				float: left;				margin-top: 10px;				text-align: center;				width: 33%;						#gallery-1 img 				border: 2px solid #cfcfcf;						#gallery-1 .gallery-caption 				margin-left: 0;						/* see gallery_shortcode() in wp-includes/media.php */
New Post has been published on http://www.pakistanimodels.pk/easy-christmas-nail-art-designs-2013/Easy Christmas Nail Art Designs Ideas 2013 Step By StepEasy Christmas nail art designs ideas 2013 given here in step by step will give you sparkling nails that will match with the celebrations of this festival. Christmas is a day that is eagerly awaited by people all around the world. People welcome the Christmas Eve with variety of ways that also include designing nails with beautiful nail arts. To pep up the spirit of Christmas get your nails done with unique creative looks and stylish color combinations that will attract a lot of attention towards you. Christmas nail art designs are the great way to get into the season. Break out the glitter tones, lush greens and stunning reds and go crazy with all these. You can also add sparkle in your nails by using couple of rhinestones or beads. You can get a lot of inspirations from looking around. The ideas which you can get from the Christmas atmosphere are:Tinsel, that would have to be anything having glitter.Christmas tree itself, you can easily create a triangle using a tape and then decorate it with sheer glitter, rhinestone star and some baubles.The lights on the tree, use any dotting tool that can create lights on your nails and then draw a freehand line to connect these lights.The star at the top of tree, you can use simple star in silver for this.Easy Christmas Nail Art Designs Ideas 2013For creating Christmas nail art designs creation and imagination is always the key ingredient that will ensure the success of your design. Use the creative skills and create unique designs as well as color combinations.Remember to choose the right colors. Christmas nail art designs should match with the holiday spirit, so choose the nail polish colors that are characteristic for Christmas. Use the shades like gold, red, green, silver, white etc. You can also use their color combinations like green with red always look classy.Find an eye catching motif which is also simple in creating and interesting in look. Some of the popular choices for Christmas are Christmas tree lights, snowman, Santa Claus, Christmas ornaments, snow flakes, angels and candies. These images will express the spirit of Christmas and create impressive effects. You can also use some nail accessories. Adding sparkling stickers, stones, crystals and rhinestones will make your design look extremely beautiful.Remember to practice more and more at your home so that the nail art skills get polished. Look through the colorful patterns, design ideas, videos etc to learn these skills.Christmas holiday inspired nail art designs have the power to make people remember about the importance of this festival in an amazing way. Choose amazing motifs, perfect colors and the stylish accessories in order to make your nail design important. These step by step instructions of easy Christmas nail art designs ideas 2013 will make your nails fabulous on the Christmas festival and give you fashionable look.					#gallery-1 				margin: auto;						#gallery-1 .gallery-item 				float: left;				margin-top: 10px;				text-align: center;				width: 33%;						#gallery-1 img 				border: 2px solid #cfcfcf;						#gallery-1 .gallery-caption 				margin-left: 0;						/* see gallery_shortcode() in wp-includes/media.php */																																					Remember to practice these nail art designs many times before the festival so that at festival you can make stunning nail art designs easily.
New Post has been published on http://www.pakistanimodels.pk/nauman-afreen-formal-collection-2013/Nauman Afreen Formal Collection 2013 For Women Naushemian is one of the famous and leading fashion brand byNauman Afreen has recently launched their stunning and stylish dresses for men and women both.Here in this post, we will represent to you the most beautiful Naushemian by Nauman Afreen formal collection 2013 has launched for women.Naushemian by Nauman Afreen is one of the most leading and oldest fashion brand in Pakistan.Naushemian is a fashion label who has been working in this field of fashion since year 2009.Naushemian by Nauman Afreen has launched so many seasonal and occasional collection and always gained a good response.After the great launch of that collection, now Naushemian by Nauman Afreen formal collection 2013 has released.In this collection, you will find stunning yet stylish dresses were added which have fully embellished with embroidery and laces.Each and every dress of this collection has adorned with cuts and artistic look.This is a collection which have fully designed according to latest fashion trend.Naushemian has designed these dresses for parties and wedding functions.Just wait a bit here and have a look this formal wear collection below.Naushemian by Nauman Afreen Formal Collection 2013 For WomenNaushemian Embroidered Dresses 2013.					#gallery-1 				margin: auto;						#gallery-1 .gallery-item 				float: left;				margin-top: 10px;				text-align: center;				width: 33%;						#gallery-1 img 				border: 2px solid #cfcfcf;						#gallery-1 .gallery-caption 				margin-left: 0;						/* see gallery_shortcode() in wp-includes/media.php */																																																										Naushemian Facebook Page: https://www.facebook.com/naushemian
New Post has been published on http://www.pakistanimodels.pk/celebrity-nail-art-designs-2013/Creative And Stylish Celebrity Nail Art Designs Of 2013Creative and stylish celebrity nail art designs of 2013 includes the nail art designs which have graced the tips of Katy Perry, Pink, Lady Gaga, Fergie, Naja Rickette and Mariah Carey and these all designs predicted that fall will bring nail trends of deep, bold and rich colors that include deep blue, oxblood and dark purple. Nail art Designs are changing day by day and are becoming more and more popular. Nail art boost the overall look in a stunning way. From the celebrities to the fashion loving ladies every woman wishes to adorn their nails with the fashionable nail arts. Nail art involves the experience and special care for the transportation of the best effects. A perfectly done gorgeous nail art will extremely create a lady look stylish and modern. This year the nail art designs is all about the bright colors with a lot of pastels, neons and other striking looks. There is also a parallel nude trend that is involving more subtle beige colors.Stylish Celebrity Nail Art Designs Of 2013Lace:Lace effect add a texture to the nails. You can create a net look by using a diagonal grid for the lace design. This is an easy and simple nail art design and can be created using a stripper and a doter. The key part of the look can be obtained by having the natural color of the nails peek through. Lace effect can be seen on the tips of many celebrities this fall season.Natural Nails:Natural nails are in trend this season. It may seem antithetical to suggest the natural nails for the nail art but this season showing some skin is the hot trend. You can use nail art designs colors and designs through which the natural nail color peek through as it was seen on the Katie Gallagher fall 2013 runway. This is a sexy look and this look can be seen used by celebrities.Surreal:Much like the season runways nails art designs have also taken the surrealist approach to designs. Nails are the new accessory now and there is no wonder that nails are following clothes and jewellery. Try the lip designs or the abstract eyes on the nails for a fun and wacky look. Nail designs are supposed to get you noticed and surreal nails will do this in an effective way.Stiletto Nails:For the nail art design shape of the nails is also very essential. There are also many shapes of nails that are used as nail art designs along with the nail color designs. For this fall it is the sporty stiletto that can b seen every where. Stiletto nails are very lengthen nails that make fingers look lengthy. For Stiletto nails grow up the nail tips out and file these accordingly before polishing them.Metallic Shades:Metallic nail colors are very famous among big celebrities. Metallic nail polish is dazzling every where these days. Silver and gold to the metallic purple and metallic red all are being seen on the runways. Metallic nail art designs look vest on the nails of middle or short length having an oval or square shape. This nail polish is all about having fun.Nude:Nude nail shades are the denim of beauty. These never go out of style. This season there is a slight twist in the nude colors as these are opaque rather than being sheer. This season for nude nail color you can go with grey, milky white or the off white creamy options. You can additionally pimp the nude shade with a metallic finish, glitter dipped or a shiny or matte two toned finish.					#gallery-1 				margin: auto;						#gallery-1 .gallery-item 				float: left;				margin-top: 10px;				text-align: center;				width: 33%;						#gallery-1 img 				border: 2px solid #cfcfcf;						#gallery-1 .gallery-caption 				margin-left: 0;						/* see gallery_shortcode() in wp-includes/media.php */																																																																																																											All these creative and stylish celebrity nail art designs of 2013 are fresh and are also perfect for the fall season of this year. Along with all these nail trends celebrities also love to do the clear tips nail art designs and the ombre nail art design and these two are commonly seen on runways and fashion shows.
New Post has been published on http://www.pakistanimodels.pk/fawad-khan-cashing-his-look/Cashing his Look, Fawad Khan Asks To Do MoreAshar of Drama Hamsafar and Zaroon of Zindadi Gulzar Hai is right now the top leading actor of Pakistan TV drama. Be it an Award show, Drama or an advert, people love to watch Fawad Khan.  After years hard work and then gaining immense fame in the past few years. Now Khan has seems to handle himself and his career very maturely. He will be doing chosen roles in TV and carefully selective roles in movies. Not ending here Fawad Khan is reportedly demanding to get paid for every scene he enacts. This news was reported in an Urdu newspaper recently. Where it was told that actors are usually paid per episode, but Fawad Afzal Khan has formed a new trend of getting paid for every scene! Good Lords.Fawad Khan Cashing His LookFollowing Fawad Khan other actors are also happy to adopt this trend. As they also have started charging for every scene. No doubt ! This is a bad news for producers who now have to pay more to actors which interferes with their allocated budget. The actor’s high fees means producers now have to compromise on other aspects of the serial to fulfill the demands of the actors.This news has given TV producers a shock. As many of them wanted to cast the most demanded and renowned actor of Pakistani Industry. But lets see who can afford to cast him in their serials. With this demanding news we also heard that Fawad is completely booked till 2014 because of two movies and a few other dramas. Does this mean Khan is giving producers time to collect moeny IF they want to cast him. Indeed Very Smart !As the demand of viewers falls. Without a shadow of doubt. There are so many fans of Fawad Afza Khan who want to see him. Channels get high ratings if Fawad Khan is leading the show. But due to his high demands now producers have to think twice before they cast him. Amazingly Story that we are sharing here is also been told on Bollywood website. Seems like our neighbors are also keeping an eye on Khan. Obviously they must be exploring the actor ( Fawad Khan )who already signed a Bollywood movie.Fawad Khan has a huge fan following and the audiences have a lot of expectations from him to do quality projects. Given a decade to Pakistan Showbiz in modeling, singing and now in acting. We think Fawad Khan deserves to get paid the way he wants. We will wish all the best to Khan.
New Post has been published on http://www.pakistanimodels.pk/wedding-dresses-of-white-color/White Wedding Dresses for Traditional BridesWomen wear Wedding Dresses at the biggest day of her life, but the white color dresses are considered to be the best for wedding because they are traditional. Just because of tradition most of the women like to wear these kinds of white traditional dresses on her wedding. This shows that how much pure their character is. As the white wedding dresses are the indication of their tradition and clean character. In my opinion the brides are look very beautiful and cute in white suits and it depends upon women or girl that which kind of dress she wears. On her wedding day she have to look more prominent then normal days because this day only comes on e time in their life.Today I want to let you people about wedding dresses of white color because we know that white suits have different kinds. The can be different in length, style and an awesome lance for wedding day. You should not take it easy because it is a very pall task to designs or select a perfect bridal dress for your wedding, as it a most special day of bride’s life. Therefore of you want to make your wedding day more special than your dream then you must know and prepare the design of wedding dresses in your mind that you really want to wear on special day. You can get your dress in two ways. First you can buy it from market and secondly you can stitch it from your tailor. These tips will really help you to get the best wedding dress for you at your home.White Traditional Wedding DressesThere are two kinds of traditional white dresses. The first one is ankle length dress and the second one is knee length. We will discuss both one by one.Bridal suits of ankle length:This is the most demanding kind of wedding dresses because ankle length dresses are long and they suits at every girl and women. The other thing is that they are more traditional then knee length dresses and all the women look charming and attractive in that kind of dress. The best color for this type of dress is ivory color which is more similar to skin white color. This color has its own uniqueness and the girls look sexy and hot after wearing this dress. Another kind of wedding dresses is sleeveless dresses and their sail is very high in these days. Strapless dresses are also similar to the sleeveless and their demand in the market is also increasing day by day. In the last few years girls prefer those kinds of wedding dresses which cover their upper portion of the body and took the attention of the people towards their arms.White Dresses knee length:As the world is going more fashionable so the brides of modern nation like to wear knee length wedding dresses on their wedding day. Some of the girls tries to make their upper part of the body more sexy and hot but this not looks good else look ugly. Girls and women should choose those kinds of wedding dresses and glance which suits on their skin color and also on figure of the body. The sandglass figure ladies should prefer ball gown glance and it can be knee length or ankle length. I prefer these kinds of women should wear cocktail wedding dresses because they look more beautiful.					#gallery-1 				margin: auto;						#gallery-1 .gallery-item 				float: left;				margin-top: 10px;				text-align: center;				width: 33%;						#gallery-1 img 				border: 2px solid #cfcfcf;						#gallery-1 .gallery-caption 				margin-left: 0;						/* see gallery_shortcode() in wp-includes/media.php */
New Post has been published on http://www.pakistanimodels.pk/deepak-perwani-lawn-2013/Deepak Perwani Lawn 2013 by Orient TextilesDeepak Perwani lawn 2013 by Orient Textiles is now available in market. As the previous Deepak Perwani lawn 2012 collection, these prints has also included embroidered long shirts and dupattas of chiffons. Despite anything, this lawn collection also has lawn dupattas with suits. In this Perwani lawn 2013 collection you can find dresses at different prices by orient textiles. Different most attractive designs are also available in different colors. We seen mostly light color prints are used in this collection. Dark colors are also included but light ones are looking s stunning. Two bright colors are also included in this lawn collection. You must check out this Deepak Perwani lawn 2013 by Orient Textiles for some extremely pleasing dresses.Deepak Perwani Lawn 2013As far as, I have seen the Orient Textiles has been moving Deepak perwani lawn 2013 for women since last few years. This summer collection of lawn will also get success like previous ones. This Pakistani designer got success due to it fabulous prints. It is also attached with the Pakistan’s big and famous Orient Textiles. This textile industry is came in the list of most famous textile producers of Pakistan. They always provide best quality textiles for women and also for men. They sell their clothes via different fabric stores in all over the country. Different Pakistani Models have been done their photo shot.Must see these collections too:Sana Safinaz Lawn 2013 Collection For Women (With Prices)Asim Jofa Lawn 2013 Collection For WomenFrom another point of view, Perwani is come in the list of best Pakistani designers. He designs for  menswear and also for girls and women. He always designs stylish and good looking dresses. He has been linked with Pakistani fashion industry from last many years. He is providing new fashion for the demanding people. Deepak  also offers his dresses through his own brand store.Some of the designs of Deepak Perwani lawn 2013 by Orient Textiles are available in our gallery below. Today is the first day of their exhibition in Karachi. The exhibition is going on in expo center Karachi. This exhibition will be continued for two days. So the people, who have missed their chance to go there, they can also go tomorrow as well. Deepak Perwani lawn 2013 by Orient Textiles soon came in the market also. But it will be available only their stockiest fabric stores. For more details you can visit their facebook fan page. So if you want to buy any of these dresses, you can go to your nearest fabric store to by Deepak Perwani lawn 2013 collection. You can also buy suits through Orient textiles online store.Pakistan’s most famous designer Deepak Perwani is launching his EID collection2013 before EID and also lawn premium collection for summer season also. He is launching this collection with the help of orient textiles mills Pakistan private limited. All the designs are very beautiful and stylish, so every dress will suits your personality and style. I am sure as the fashion is developing day by day, so every women and girls should like these stylish, handy and good quality fabrics with embroidery for EID celebration. Pakistan’s three best female models are doing work for Deepak Perwani photo shoot in which Ayyan Ali, Fouzia Amir and Amna Ilyas are included.					#gallery-1 				margin: auto;						#gallery-1 .gallery-item 				float: left;				margin-top: 10px;				text-align: center;				width: 33%;						#gallery-1 img 				border: 2px solid #cfcfcf;						#gallery-1 .gallery-caption 				margin-left: 0;						/* see gallery_shortcode() in wp-includes/media.php */
New Post has been published on http://www.pakistanimodels.pk/deepak-perwani-lawn-2013/Deepak Perwani Lawn 2013 by Orient TextilesDeepak Perwani lawn 2013 by Orient Textiles is now available in market. As the previous Deepak Perwani lawn 2012 collection, these prints has also included embroidered long shirts and dupattas of chiffons. Despite anything, this lawn collection also has lawn dupattas with suits. In this Perwani lawn 2013 collection you can find dresses at different prices by orient textiles. Different most attractive designs are also available in different colors. We seen mostly light color prints are used in this collection. Dark colors are also included but light ones are looking s stunning. Two bright colors are also included in this lawn collection. You must check out this Deepak Perwani lawn 2013 by Orient Textiles for some extremely pleasing dresses.Deepak Perwani Lawn 2013As far as, I have seen the Orient Textiles has been moving Deepak perwani lawn 2013 for women since last few years. This summer collection of lawn will also get success like previous ones. This Pakistani designer got success due to it fabulous prints. It is also attached with the Pakistan’s big and famous Orient Textiles. This textile industry is came in the list of most famous textile producers of Pakistan. They always provide best quality textiles for women and also for men. They sell their clothes via different fabric stores in all over the country. Different Pakistani Models have been done their photo shot.Must see these collections too:Sana Safinaz Lawn 2013 Collection For Women (With Prices)Asim Jofa Lawn 2013 Collection For WomenFrom another point of view, Perwani is come in the list of best Pakistani designers. He designs for  menswear and also for girls and women. He always designs stylish and good looking dresses. He has been linked with Pakistani fashion industry from last many years. He is providing new fashion for the demanding people. Deepak  also offers his dresses through his own brand store.Some of the designs of Deepak Perwani lawn 2013 by Orient Textiles are available in our gallery below. Today is the first day of their exhibition in Karachi. The exhibition is going on in expo center Karachi. This exhibition will be continued for two days. So the people, who have missed their chance to go there, they can also go tomorrow as well. Deepak Perwani lawn 2013 by Orient Textiles soon came in the market also. But it will be available only their stockiest fabric stores. For more details you can visit their facebook fan page. So if you want to buy any of these dresses, you can go to your nearest fabric store to by Deepak Perwani lawn 2013 collection. You can also buy suits through Orient textiles online store.Pakistan’s most famous designer Deepak Perwani is launching his EID collection2013 before EID and also lawn premium collection for summer season also. He is launching this collection with the help of orient textiles mills Pakistan private limited. All the designs are very beautiful and stylish, so every dress will suits your personality and style. I am sure as the fashion is developing day by day, so every women and girls should like these stylish, handy and good quality fabrics with embroidery for EID celebration. Pakistan’s three best female models are doing work for Deepak Perwani photo shoot in which Ayyan Ali, Fouzia Amir and Amna Ilyas are included.					#gallery-1 				margin: auto;						#gallery-1 .gallery-item 				float: left;				margin-top: 10px;				text-align: center;				width: 33%;						#gallery-1 img 				border: 2px solid #cfcfcf;						#gallery-1 .gallery-caption 				margin-left: 0;						/* see gallery_shortcode() in wp-includes/media.php */
New Post has been published on http://www.pakistanimodels.pk/best-beauty-products-make-skin-beautiful/Best Beauty Products To Make Your Skin BeautifulIn this article you will see best Beauty Products for your beautiful skin. Your external beauty is the indication of your internal personality. It shows what kind of you from inside. Your skin is the external and most important part of your body which displays your external beauty, therefore when you see your skin beautiful your mind also feel relaxation. Flat and smooth skin looks perfect and beautiful but spots disturb the smoothness of the skin. What kind of makeup you use and which type of food you eat or drink, everything is will be radiated by your skin. On the other hand there are many other factor that effect on your skin and cause many problems such as weather and pollution. Hence you should use some best Beauty Products and Beauty Tips to take care of your skin and increase your beauty. With these amazing products you also need some precautions so that your beauty did not fade away.You should keep your skin away from pollution for a long time. It will block your pores and your skin will not get oxygen in right amount.  Due to this it will cause coarse skin and fine lines will show up on your whole skin. One thing you must know that if skin damages one time then it will take some time to get back in its natural condition, therefore you should not expect miracles from these beauty products. Below you can see some best beauty products that will be very helpful to make your skin beautiful. Your skin always take some time to restore from a depressed and came into its natural condition, therefore you cannot accept sudden variations and changes. Today we will suggest you some important beauty products that are very essential for your face.Best Beauty Products For SkinCleansers:The most necessary and oldest step of skin care is cleansing. The meaning of cleansing is not to only wash your face, but most of the people think this is cleansing. Sometimes dirty water contains some chemicals such as chlorine which can dehydrate your skin. You should use any kind of mineral water to clean your face. But you should not ignore beauty products because some of them can do wonders. You can also use cleansing and beauty soaps just before sleep. Try to use moisturizer cleansers because they keep your skin oil free, moisturized and clean.  To pull out the dust from your skin you can use peeling mask because it will stuck in your skin pores and facial corners. Always use them with the advice of someone.Moisturizing:In this world of fashion and beauty no one can likes dully, dehydrated and ugly skin. If you have a softer skin then it will look more beautiful. Moisturizing is very necessary for dehydrated skin because it protects your face from pollution and dangerous winds. Continuous moisturizing will make your skin softer and silky. If your skin is oily then you should use a moisturizer which offers mate finish to the skin.ScrubThe next in the beauty products list is scrub because it comes in different smells and flavors. It works really well to remove the dead cells, black and white heads from the most outer layer of the face. Scrubs are used to the exposed part of the body such as face, hands, legs, knees and elbows. Scrubs are available in different ranges with fruits extracts such as strawberry, orange and apricot. These beauty products are not only used for skin care but also have good smell.TonerToner beauty product is after the cleansing of skin and this will remove the filth layer of the skin which can cause problems.  If you do not like commercial beauty products then you can make some at your home to make your skin more beautiful and healthy. Do not deceived by their good and stylish packing, chose the best and simple beauty products for your skin.
New Post has been published on http://www.pakistanimodels.pk/best-tips-look-beautiful-without-makeup/Best Tips To Look Beautiful Without MakeupMakeup is the thing that women cannot live without this because it is only thing that makes them beautiful and young. In this world of fashion there are only some girls and women who do not have skin problem and having perfect skin. Some of the common skin problems that every 3rd girl is facing are pimple scars, acne, black heads, acne and many more. Many of them use makeup because they think good makeup will hide their all acne, pimples and dark spots on face. But this woks in some cases because most of the time your skin of face require natural treatment. You can say skin is demanding natural minerals and elements to looks perfect. Most of the girls think they cannot look beautiful without makeup, but this is not true. You can look more beautiful without makeup and in this article I will tell you how to do this. You do not have to need any kind of makeup tips such as eye makeup and many more. Just follow the advices given below and you will get your desired result and look beautiful without makeup.Best Tips to Look Beautiful Without Makeup1. DRINK MAXIMUM WATER:Water is the most important element for every part of our body so first of all we will talk about water. You know the cells of our skin require water for dehydration and without water it cannot be done. Therefore drink plenty of water you can because according to scientific research a normal person requires minimum ten (10) glasses of water daily. This will remove the dryness of the body and germs will not attack on your skin. In some days girls and women will also find their skin more healthy and glowing.2. USE MOISTURIZER:In this second tip to look beautiful without makeup we use moisturizer. If your skin is dry having wrinkles and black heads then you should use any good moisturizer lotion or other product, because this is the only thing to get rid of all above problems. Moisturizer will help to remove the dryness and make your skin wrinkle free. By using it regular you can get rid of many other makeup products also and look beautiful without makeup. Moisturizer is very necessary because germs attack more quickly on dry skins.3. USE FACE WASHES:Use of face washes in replacement of beauty soaps is the best choice for your skin. You should wash your face minimum three times a day such as morning, evening and before sleep. This will make your skin oil free and germ free whole the day and you feel fresh and cool. After using face wash regularly you will look beautiful without makeup.4. USE OF TONER:If you are come in those women list that have oily and dull skin then toner is the best tip for you. By using toner in proper way you can remove your all pimple scars and pores. It will also help to remove extra oil from skin cell which cause acne and pimples in all manners.5. SHAMPOO HAIRS REGULARLY:This is a common tip to look beautiful without makeup, wash your hairs carefully with shampoo daily. If you did not wash your hairs regularly then they become greasy and oily and most of the time it creates unattractive impression on your personality. In the season of summer you should use shampoo daily but in winter season you can use shampoo after the gap of one day.6. HOT WATER WITH LEMON:The last and best tip to look beautiful without makeup is to use of lemon juice in hot water. If you think your skin is sensitive then use a glass of hot water not very hot and add some drops of lemon juice. By doing this the toxin of your skin cells will remove completely.If you want makeup tips then search around our web you will find many. So these are the simple and best tips on how to look beautiful without makeup. If you think these tips are helpful then please share your views via comments.
have fun at school tomorrow, friends! i’ll be laying in bed, blinded by light and most likely being sick.
mmmmm pumpkin
DONT TOUCH ME
Hey people! I’ve been dying to make this post. I’ve always noticed this. I take melatonin to sleep sometimes…as I’m sure a lot of people do.To the point: THIS SHIT MAKES ME BREAK OUT. I’m not talking a little zit here or there. If I take a 3mg pill (or more) to sleep- in the next 1 or 2 days I’m done for. I’ve either got a cystic pimple or regular pimples on my face or back and chest. If you take this and are struggling with having clear skin. Stop and see what the difference is. It seems like research is 50/50. Some articles say it helps acne others say it worsens it by unbalancing your hormones. I’ve decided to let mine be produced naturally lol… I’ve stopped taking it and breakouts reduced.
Is biore products good for oily acne prone skin..I used one of their blackhead strips once and loved it and biore is right around my price range for what I wanna spend on skin stuff so I’m thinking of stocking up on some stuff if I see positive stuff about it.
I need face wash/ acne treatment recommendations. I never had a real problem with having bad skin up until this past year really and now it’s really oily around my t zone and I’ve been breaking out every other week around my mouth and chin. Plus my pores are huge but I’ve always had that problem. Right now I use some proactive medicine that’s just for acne treatment and an olay sensitive skin face wash but I feel like the face wash isn’t strong enough but the normal stuff like clearasil irritates my skin so it’s too strong. And the proactive helps but it only clears my face up a few days before I start breaking out again. Any tips? Preferably something that’s not ridiculously expensive I’m looking for more drug store type products.
I think I should stretch my ears bigger. Idk maybe after I get a tattoo. Gotta keep my priorities straight.
100% anime trash looks.
A Dark blog. Enter with Caution.
-try not to get yelled at by straight people for not being straight -try not to get yelled at by gay people for not being gay -make sure no one finds out that we’re secretly dragons
who uses african black soap &amp; how do you like it?!
These dressed are soooooooooooo cute! Discount code hot10!!! GO GET EM NOW!
These dressed are soooooooooooo cute! Discount code hot10!!! GO GET EM NOW!
(via Getting Rid Of Boils Is Now Easy) Tips to get rid of Boils #Skincare
(via Road Accidents - How Can You Prevent Them?) All of us know these #RoadSafety rules, even then We don’t follow them.Just ask yourself, do you follow all these rules or any one among them? What is important to you - Being in Hurry or Safety of Others &amp; Yourself?
(via An Ode To Women ‘Who Take Care Of Others’) Women take care of each &amp; everything except for themselves. Do You Agree???Then it’s a must read blog post for all Men &amp; Women.
(via Tips To Stay Protected During Monsoons) Stay Protected During #Monsoons…
(via How To Take Care Of Your Beautiful Lips?) Tips for Lip Care….#LipCare
(via Secret To Long, Shiny And Thick Hair!) Want Long, Shiny &amp; Thick Hair. Read this.
(via 5 Ways To Thank Your Parents) This Post is about ways to thank your parents. But my question is  - “ Is this the only week when you should thank your Parents ???”
(via Fun in the Woods: Whacky Ideas for Camping) A must read for travel &amp; food lovers….
(via Should You Weigh Yourself Every Day?) Checking your weight everyday..  Then You Should Read This…
(via 14 Ways Of Making Life Better)
(via Keep Safe If You Are Staying At A Hostel) A must read for Hostelers &amp; students who are planning to stay at Hostel.
Get your pores tightened up with three easy stepsHaving a clear skin with tighter pores is like a dream come true for all girls. Both men and women suffer from open pores. Only a skin with tight pores can make a girl look flirty and youthful. Here are some simple steps to make your skin look smooth with tighter pores.Deeply cleanse your skin…Read More http://www.newsduet.net/tighten-your-pores-with-three-easy-steps/
How to Cure Dry Skin Around Your EyesEyes are called the window to your soul. They can convey a million things without you uttering a single word. However if not cared for properly they can become dull. The skin around your eyes bears the brunt of all those sleepless nights.Facial skin is considerably delicate as compared to the…Read More http://www.newsduet.net/how-to-cure-dry-skin-around-your-eyes/
Top 7 Tips to Avoid Spyware Infection on your ComputerSpyware is software that covertly installs itself on your computer, runs behind the scenes on your machine and collects information regarding your keystrokes, your browsing habits and other information that is personal. The only warning you get is that your machine’s performance starts to d…Read More http://www.newsduet.net/tips-to-avoid-spyware-infection-on-your-computer/
Samsung Galaxy S6 Vs LG G4 - Comparison Of Features And PerformanceThe earlier course of time in the year 2015, widely acknowledged to be a flagship season came up with some new highly anticipated releases from the major companies currently ruling the Android world. While there were many whose upgrades were iterative, there were also some of them whose recent …Read More http://www.newsduet.net/samsung-galaxy-s6-vs-lg-g4-comparison/
Lenovo K3 Note  Specs, Features, Prices in IndiaThe Lenovo K3 smartphone, considered to be one of the most exciting products by Lenovo, was recently launched on the 15th of March, 2015.In India, the phone is priced at Rs. 9999/- only and is made available at different online retail stores such as flipkart.com, priceraja.com, 91mobiles.com,…Read More http://www.newsduet.net/lenovo-k3-note-specifications-prices/
LG G4 Smartphone Review - Specs, Performance, Prices in IndiaThe LG G4 no doubt, is considered to be one of the most exciting as well as promising Smartphone in the market. LG has always been one of the most anticipated companies in India’s Smartphone sector for the past couple of years. But from the very day the Nexus 5 received a good response from the I…Read More http://www.newsduet.net/lg-g4-smartphone-review-specs-performance-prices-in-india/
Dry Hair Care Tips - How to Maintain your Hair During Summer?With the summer fast approaching, we must pay more attention to our hair because the sun and the humidity can destroy your hair cuticles. The heat and the humidity of the summer season is the worst enemy as it can cause damage on your hair cuticles that can result into split ends, frizzy hair,…Read More http://www.newsduet.net/dry-hair-care-tips-how-to-maintain-your-hair-during-summer/
The Importance of Moisturizing Your SkinOur skin is our body’s barrier to the outside world, which is why it is important that we take care of it. By ensuring that health of our skin, we strengthen our defenses from the outside world. Our skin keeps the bad stuff outside and keeps all the good stuff our bodies need inside. But before o…Read More http://www.newsduet.net/the-importance-of-moisturizing-your-skin/
How to Correctly apply eyeshadow?There is a skill involved in applying eye shadow. Not all colors and techniques are applicable to every person’s eyes. Which is why, the only way to truly practice the art of applying eye shadow is by practicing it.Here are some general rules and guidelines when applying eyeshadow.Choosing the …Read More http://www.newsduet.net/how-to-correctly-apply-eyeshadow/
How to Choose the Right Shampoo for your Hair?A person’s hair is like an accessory; it can complete a look or destroy it. This is why it’s important that you take care of your hair and keep it healthy. However, is not as easy as it sounds. Hair care has been such as important as skin care that cosmetic companies are now constantly dev…Read More http://www.newsduet.net/how-to-choose-the-right-shampoo-for-your-hair/
Do you Suffer from Dehydration?  These Symptoms Indicate That you Suffer from Dehydration.Do you know that 70% of the weight of our body is because of water alone? Water, nobody can deny, is probably the most important constituent on the face of this earth. The entire world would not exist without water. The phenomenon of dehydration is caused when the body does not receive the water…Read More http://www.newsduet.net/do-you-suffer-from-dehydration-these-symptoms-indicate-that-you-suffer-from-dehydration/
The Basics Of Caring For Your SkinEverybody wants to look as good as they can. Having beautiful skin can make you look great. You need to have an effective skin treatment plan that you follow daily in order to keep your skin in the best condition. You need to be aware of which skin treatments are effective and which ones aren’t. Read on to find out more. Try to relax and reduce some of the stress in your life. Your skin can…View On WordPress
Never Make A Personal Finance Mistake Again With These TipsIf you keep your money in order, it is much easier to make life-changing purchases like trips, cars, and houses. Continue reading to discover how you can be better at managing your money. There is no get-rich-quick scheme that actually delivers. Lots of Internet marketers get fooled by these types of programs because they’re new to business and need money now. Learn as much as you can, but taking…View On WordPress
Horticulture Like A Pro: Organic Horticulture TipsDo you always admire your neighbor’s pristine garden. Has your neighbor found the secret ingredients that makes their garden an eye-catching feature? Truth be told, there is no real secret to creating a gorgeous garden. All you need is some knowledge on the proper care of your garden’s plants. Reading the advice from this article can help you on your path to horticulture wisdom. Clay Soil A…View On WordPress
Weight Loss Simplified: Follow These Basic TipsTIP! Find low-calorie version of the foods you like the most, if you want to lose weight. Lots of people quit dieting because they have cravings that they just cannot help. It is not a simple matter to lose weight. It’s going to take time to change lifelong habits. Rely on the tips found here to help you take small steps in your quest to change your life. TIP! You don’t have to sacrifice tasty…View On WordPress
Proven Strategies That Help You Maintain A Good Level Of FitnessThe following advice will assist you in becoming more knowledgeable about getting in shape the right way. It’s crucial you learn all you can about fitness prior to starting a new workout routine. If you don’t, you might injure yourself, or waste time on inefficient workouts. Before exercising, read up on it. Planning your workout with a routine will be easier if you start by purchasing the…View On WordPress
Coupon Shopping Made Easy With These Expert TipsThe economy is very hard on everyone today. Should you be faced with difficult finances, or even if not, an easy and efficient way to save money is through coupons. Coupons are your key to saving a lot of money. Continue reading if you would like to know more. It is not a good idea to buy things just because you found a coupon. It’s very easy for people to actually spend more money shopping with…View On WordPress
Some Sound Advice For A Healthy Dog.Dogs are known for their loyalty and trusty companionship, making them an ideal pet. However, some start out a little more challenging and you have to work to get them to the point that they are ideal pets. You need to train them, and you have to be aware of how you must care for them. The following article can help. Being a dog owner can be very costly. Every dog is going to need supplies, good…View On WordPress
Things That Can Help You With Organic GardeningMost people in our society have heard about the benefits of eating organic, or seen organic products in the grocery store. You may already be aware of which foods come organically. These have different packages and cost a bit more. Keep reading for a variety of tips and tricks for maintaining an organic garden. If you are interested in sustainable organic gardening, consider keeping part of your…View On WordPress
Use Common Sense &amp; Eat A Balanced Diet To Maintain Your Health As You AgeTIP! Avoid frowning to prevent wrinkles. It sounds strange, but it’s the truth. When it comes to growing older, there is no perfect formula that fits everyone, but there are some practical ideas that can get you started on making your own individualized plan. Be determined to live the best you can, as long as you can. With the right attitude and information, you can grow old on your own terms.…View On WordPress
Capitalize Your Credit Score With Great Repair TipsMany people find themselves having to deal with bad credit due to the downturn of the economy, the rise of the cost of living, as well as the increase in layoffs. Follow these tips if you need a better credit score. The first step in credit improvement is to build a plan. You have to be committed to making real changes to your spending habits. You should only purchase the necessities, and skip…View On WordPress
Get Rid Of Your Cellulite With These Top TipsYou might have cellulite but not know how to eliminate it. Maybe you’ve tried every product there is. Do you want to find out what really works in the battle against cellulite? The following information will help you with some relevant strategies. If you’re having a hard time ridding your body of cellulite, cardio exercise might help you. If you regularly exercise and try targeting areas with…View On WordPress
I’m so overwhelmed right now.My last day of work is in two days, I have to pack for a week-long road trip, and I have to prepare to move into my dorm directly after said road trip.I’m running around making sure everything is packed, washed, and ready to go. And I’m making sure the house is taken care of while everyone is gone. Work is slow, but I’m spending as much time with my coworkers as I can before I leave. I honestly love them all so much.I broke out for the first time in a long time. This one is on my back, however.It’s a pretty painful bump right along the top of my spine. It’s irritating to say the least. I’m hoping it shrinks significantly in the morning. I’m not entirely sure why I have this breakout, but I think it might be partially my fault.I’ve been wearing the same sweatshirt for about a week to bed. I know that sounds totally nasty, but I only wear it after my shower and I’m not the kind of person who sweats much in her sleep.Still, I’m sure it has something to do with my breakout considering it popped up right about where the collar of my shirt meets my back.It’s so important to keep track of small things like this: changing your pajamas often, washing your pillow cases, cleaning your makeup brushes. These things can seriously make all of the difference. I used to be so particular about keeping an insanely clean environment. Lately, I’ve been pretty bad. I haven’t washed my sheets all summer (gag), I’m lazy about changing pajamas, and my makeup brushes haven’t been washed in a good three weeks.I think I’m going to throw up just talking about all of this. Before I go on my trip, I’m going to do some deep cleaning. I mean, I’m gonna wash everything that comes in contact with any part of my skin.I’m quite tired from work–which I honestly think attributes to my laziness with these things–so I think I’m going to head off to an early sleep.Have a good night, everyone!
Yes, actually.Well, I’ve used BP spot treatment.I would get the 10% Target brand and put it on active spots. Honestly, it never did much for me. I don’t recommend getting the 10% either because it is very drying.There were several occasions where it helped to dry up some of my pimples, but it was a rare occurrence. I know that plenty of people have success with BP, though. It just never did much for me. Spot treatment-wise, I know BP is very popular and so is tea tree oil (dilute it though, because it is VERY strong). I, myself, seem to have the most luck with vitamin c for spot treatments.If you’re talking full-face cream, no, I haven’t used that. I’d be interested into seeing which products use BP since salicylic acid seems to be more popular.
After 13 annoying days, I finally got my final prescription. It was just one thing after another. First, they pulled the wrong chart at my derm, then they waited 3 days to call me, resulting in my questions opening up only a day before my window to get my prescription closed. I answered my questions, called CVS, but they could only get the prescription the next day–meaning that according to ipledge rules, my prescription could not be filled.So, since I missed my window, I had to get a pregnancy test on Friday. I took the initiative this time to call my derm and CVS today. Luckily, my prescription was ready to go after work.So here we go! I’m finally back on track.After a 13 day break, my oil has not returned, I still have not broken out, but my lips are slightly less dry. Those are the only real developments. I have also noticed that my rashes have died down. I had quite a few on my legs a couple weeks ago.Only one more month to go. Then I will definitely be content. I can only hope my oil doesn’t return.Oh–I got my hair “ombre’d” this weekend. I love it so much. Here is a kind of low quality photo of my hair:The picture is rather dark, so you can’t tell how blond it is at the bottom, but it’s a significant contrast. The colors flow very well into one another, though, so it looks quite natural. I’m very happy with how it turned out.Well, I’ll try to update more as the days go on. Finally on my last month! Let’s see how it goes.
*dropkicks the sun into another sun and jumps into the explosion*I’m going to stop saying that “lol tomorrow will be day 151 for realy guys!!!” because I keep running into constant complications.Apparently, I missed my window for when I could pick up my prescription. This isn’t entirely my fault. My derm didn’t open my questions up until a few days ago and by then, it was apparently too late from when I got my blood drawn.SO.Tomorrow I need to go in for a pregnancy test (yay!!) and then hopefully… hopefully I can get my pills before Saturday. Worst case scenario, I’ll pick them up on Monday.I don’t even know how to close this.Just–I need sleep.
So–just kidding!The pharmacy where I pick up my prescription doesn’t seem to know what they’re doing, so my pills actually were not ready today. Even though they’ve had like 5 days to have it ready. They will be ready tomorrow.I have only about a week of work left. This summer has truly flown by.I’m quite happy with my skin. It hasn’t broken out–even still. I deleted the app I used to track my picking habit because I just haven’t picked in over a month.Never thought I would be at this level of success with my skin in a million years.In hindsight, I probably don’t need another month, but it makes me feel safe.I’ve seen quite a few of you in the accutane tag upset with your progress. Let me just say this: I was at day 70 and still extremely unhappy with my skin.Unfortunately, it’s a slow process. I know it’s hard to keep your chin up, but just know that you’re bound for some amazing progress. It starts out really slow and then drastically improves towards the end. At least that was my experience. I’ve heard it is like that for many others as well.No one could truly console me during my moments of low self-esteem because of my acne. I mean, yeah, it’s nice to hear people say “it’s going to get better!” or “you’re beautiful!” But I know that at the end of the day, those words don’t fix the problem. The problem of looking in the mirror and hating what you see, or trying to hide your face in public. Trust me, I know. So I can’t do much for you from here other than say: I was in your shoes too. Not long ago at all. And it did get better. I wish all of you the very best. I’m confident that you’ll see progress. You just have to give it time.
Sure, love!I love reading other people’s stories.If you ever want to chat, just let me know. 
Okay, so I totally could have had my pills yesterday, but I kept forgetting to fill out the stupid ipledge information.This is gonna be a super short update, but I just wanted to say that I am going to resume my course tomorrow.I’ll be picking up my prescription after work and tomorrow will be day 151!
Yeah, I still haven’t received a phonecall from my derm that my prescription is ready to go. Quite odd considering I usually get a call in a couple of days.Had a lovely weekend. Did a fair bit of shopping–finally purchased my NARS Sheer Glow (along with a Tarte foundation brush and some Urban Decay eyeshadow). Also bought a new purse, which is giant, and that I’m absolutely obsessed with. Got some workout clothes, some of this and that. Oh, and cut all of my hair off.I love it. It’s layered and a bit below my shoulders and wavy and just absolutely amazing. It feels so good. It’s been about a year (I know, I’m a wreck) since I have even had a trim. I got it cut at Nurtur Salon and holy shit. It was $35–which is fine. But I was just expecting a cut. No, I got some hot tea, a free massage, a wash, a facial, and it styled… for $35. Hello. I’m definitely going there every time I need a cut. They also gave me free lotion and put several of their products in my hair. It was just lovely. So lovely. And they’re owned by Aveda, who does not test on animals.So as you can see I did a fair bit of pampering this weekend.I’m a girl with a paycheck, you know.This isn’t even remotely about skin at this point, but that’s pretty much all I’ve been up to lately.No breakouts. Still dry as a mother. My nose is irritating me and I hate not being able to wear lipstick properly. Those are the only areas I really care about getting my moisture back. Just please, let my lips and nose return to normal.I’ll be calling my derm tomorrow if I don’t hear from them by the afternoon. I’m going to watch some vlogs until a pass out, so I’ll leave it at that!
My pages should be up and running again. I added two new pages: “links” and “faq”. Hopefully they will be of use to someone! They were mostly created from intense boredom at work, but I think they have some helpful information.I don’t know how many people actually visit my physical page, so I’m going to upload this month’s photos in the post today! Larger versions will still be on the “pictures” page as usual.(these pictures are so awkward…) So yep. This is the end of month five. My skin is looking and feeling good. I’m just a tad red. Well, a bit red, lol. I’m fresh out of the shower in these photos.I had my bloodwork done today at around 830. There weren’t any complications there (aside from my vein rolling -shudders-). I’m anticipating a call tomorrow or Friday that I can pick up my prescription.I’m out of pills, so I’m just kind of waiting. I’m trying to chug as much water as possible. I feel like all moisture in my body has completely dried up. I really need to drink more water, anyway… I was doing so good at university, but I’ve been neglecting those water intake goals lately.I have been testing the NARS liquid foundations (Sheer Glow &amp; Luminous) for the past week or so (the sample sizes are huge) and I think I’m going to do a review of sorts soon. I actually don’t hate the Luminous foundation as much as I had originally stated. I think figuring out how to apply it and finding the right shade were just vital steps in fully understanding how the product looks and feels.Anyway, I’m feeling a little energetic after a nap and some pasta, so I think I’ll start a new season of ANTM right about now.Goodnight everyone~
Someone fell asleep early last night…Technically yesterday should have been day 150, but I ended up passing out around 1030 before taking my pills.So today is my last day of accutane!…Except not. I called my derm today and I decided that I’m going to do one more month. So I’m getting my blood drawn tomorrow and I’ll hopefully have my pills before the weekend.I feel oddly happy. I think doing another month just feels right in my gut. And I can continue to annoy everyone in the accutane tag for 30 more days, too!I wanna make this quick since I just drove to and from Columbus after a long day of work and am exhausted. I just have a few updates:I broke out!–for like the first time in a month. One is on my armpit (lol?). I think it’s an ingrown hair from a poor shave-job, so I’m not too concerned. But it still sucks. I have another one on my leg that’s a bit irritating. I mean, why the sudden breakouts in such weird places?I’m dry as hell–I mean, maybe this is how most people feel throughout the entirety of their course, but I think it’s just now hitting me. I moisturize like crazy and I still feel like a lizard. I have dry patches up and down my arms and legs, my lips need aquaphor every hour, and my nose is killing me. I think the nose is the worst part. It’s so crusty that it’s been bleeding on and off. More or less for the past five months, my dryness was really only noticeable on my lips and the occasional rash. But now it’s like I’m turning into a dragon.(why am I choosing to do another month of this?)Goodnight everyone! My ask box is open as usual!EDIT: I’ll be putting my month 5 pictures up in a few days. I’m really excited about these!EDIT2: Also, for some reason the pages on my blog aren’t loading. I dunno what that’s all about, but I’ll get it worked out asap.
Absolutely!
Since starting this book, I’ve been having a laugh over how strange and archaic some of the recipe ingredients seem to me. Case in point: Spermaceti, in pretty much everything you’re gonna put on your face.That said, I’ve slathered my mug with snail slime in the name of beauty so honestly who am I to be grossed out by whale gunk.(Health and Beauty Hints [1910] by Margaret Mixter)
Illustration by Ren Wicks for ”Red Wine for Love (Party Line)” in Today’s Woman magazine, January 1950
Catherine Deneuve and Françoise Dorléac | Les Demoiselles de Rochefort promo pictures, 1967
Found my true love in #besamecosmetics 1959 Red Hot Red 💄this is all the fault of @btwsam 💖
SIMPLE MICELLAR WATER: £4.49I’m a big fan of micellar waters and haven’t tried one yet I don’t like, so when this Simple one started to crop up on many bloggers favourites I knew I had to try it. The soft-water consistency dissolves my base makeup instantly leaving my skin soft and cleansed. Eye makeup does take a bit more work, as I have to press a cotton round over each of my eyes for around twenty seconds before it really starts to remove it, and even then it takes a bit of rubbing to get my mascara off. Still, this is normal for any makeup remover and the ease of not having to scrub away over a sink and soaking my top in the process makes it all worthwhile. It’s as good as any micellar water I’ve ever used and does leave my skin extra-soft, but it’s not really any better than other ones. This isn’t a problem until you consider that it’s nearly double the price of my favourite Garnier Micellar Water, which is £4.99 for 400ml compared to the Simple one which is £4.49 for 200ml - half the size. I understand it probably uses much more natural ingredients and is suitable for super-sensitive skin, but those things aren’t really an issue for me. So yes, the Simple Micellar Water is pretty fab but it’s no better than it’s competitors and at double the price you’d expect it to be. .RECOMMENDED READS:Vichy Idealia Smoothing &amp; Illuminating Cream ReviewL’Oreal Velvety Soft Toner ReviewSummer Skincare RoutineSurprise Me!
If you’ve checked the Lush website recently you might have noticed an influx of new products (most of which have come from Lush Oxford Street) that have been released. While any Lush is usually good Lush for me, the news is not all happy - in order to make room for their shiny counterparts, many old favourites have been discontinued. The products told to say their goodbyes are:Ultimate Shine Shampoo BarSqueaky Green Shampoo BarZest Styling GellyRose Queen Bath BombSpace Girl Bath Bomb Phoenix Rising Bath BombGranny Takes A Dip Bath BombDorothy Bubble BarAmandopondo Bubble BarFlying Fox Shower GelGrass Shower GelSweetie Pie Shower JellyYou Snap The Whip Body ButterAqua Mirabilis Body ButterIce Blue SoapGodmother SoapDirty SoapMangnificent SoapPutty For Your Hands SoapFormulae Known As Body Lotion Lovely Jubblies Body LotionLustre Dusting PowderTiny Hands Solid Hand CreamVanilla Dee- Lite Body Lotion Vanilla Puff Dusting PowderStepping Stone Foot ScrubBritish Nanny Moisturiser*tiny sob*I have to admit a few of the products on this list have really surprised me - Sweetie Pie and Dorothy (above) have both been firm favourites for years, and Granny Takes A Dip is a relatively new addition. Are any of your favourites on the list?.Recommended reads:Lush Twilight Bath BombLush Blackberry Bath Bomb Lush Granny Takes A Dip Bath BombSurprise Me
Summer Beauty Haul! | 2015
SLEEK VINTAGE ROMANCE EYESHADOW PALETTE: £7.99If anyone asked me to recommend a good drugstore eyeshadow palette, Makeup Revolution and Sleek would be at the very top of my list. This Vintage Romance palette comes from the latter and is no exception to the rule - the shadows are highly pigmented and amazing value for money. Most of the shades are shimmers/metallics (my fave) with a couple of mattes in there, and all of them have love and city themed names such as ‘Propose in Prague’ and ‘A Vow in Venice’. The best colours in my opinion have to be ‘Marry in Monte Carlo’ (warm plum with a hint of gold), ‘Court in Cannes’ (cool metallic bronze) and “Bliss In Barcelona’ (royal purple with blue undertones). Lovely..RECOMMENDED READS:Urban Decay Eyeshadow Palette ReviewRimmel ScandalEyes Eyeshadow Pencil ReviewSurprise me!
LUSH TWILIGHT BATH BOMB: £3.35Oh. My. God. As a self-confessed Lush obsessive, I am almost ashamed of myself for ignoring this bath bomb for so long. I don’t know why I never got round to trying it but my inner-mermaid weeps for the lost years I could’ve been using this starry-patterned orb of happiness. It’s sublime. The second you drop it in to a hot bath the outer pink layer starts to gently fizz away, revealing a core of turquoise that mixes to form lavender waves. The soothing soft-sleepy-sweet scent is so relaxing that by the time you’ve watched this Candy-Land volcano melt in to the water you want to cuddle under a blanket and snore to your heart’s content. Bliss..RECOMMENDED READS:Lush Granny Takes A Dip Bath Bomb ReviewLush Big Blue Bath Bomb ReviewLush Ultraviolet Bubble Bar ReviewSurprise Me!
SOAP &amp; GLORY SUGAR CRUSH BODY SPRAY: £4.00Anyone who has been reading/watching me for any amount of time will know that I absolutely adore the S&amp;G Sugar Crush scent. I’ve already worked my way through the scrub, the body butter and the shower gel so you can imagine my sigh of “finally” when they brought out a matching body spray. I’ll admit I was dubious that S&amp;G would be able to capture the true bubbly-limey-sweet-loveliness of the fragrance in liquid form, but kudos to them they have. And in a great formula too, as this lasts amazingly well for a body spray. What more can I say, except go give it a sniff?.RECOMMENDED READS:Soap &amp; Glory Sugar Crush Shower Gel ReviewSoap &amp; Glory Sugar Crush Body Scrub ReviewSoap &amp; Glory Sugar Crush Body Buttercream ReviewSurprise Me!
VICHY IDEALIA SMOOTHING &amp; ILLUMINATING CREAM FOR NORMAL/COMBINATION SKIN: £25.00Ah Vichy. You’re like the successful elder sibling who all the others live in the shadow of and constantly try and compete with - and fail. Truly I don’t think I’ve ever tried a bad product from Vichy and I’ve tried a lot, from their Normaderm range to the to the Aqualia Thermal collection and even a couple of bits from the Liftactive range, they never disappoint. Their price point is typically mid-range with some exceptions that edge up to the higher-end side of the drugstore, this cream being one of them. In my opinion the Vichy Idealia moisturiser is completely worth it though, caring for the varying needs of my combination skin. It gives much-needed hydration to dry areas but isn’t too heavy on my oily t-zone, and prevents the dullness I can sometimes get from mattifying treatments and heavy makeup. Fab.
L’OREAL VELVETY SOFT TONER: £3.99If you’re like me and have been scarred for life by harsh, alcohol-filled toners that strip all the life from your skin, don’t fear, this is nothing like that. Honestly. Rather this toner is a thick-ish gel that soaks in to the skin leaving it feeling clean, refreshed and (believe it or not) velvety-soft. I use it after micellar water to remove any last scraps of makeup and remind my pores to sleep with one eye open, because I am on to them. Sure, this toner might be too gentle to give my pores a full-on fist fight, but after using this for a few weeks I am pleased to report I have noticed a reduction in the obviousness (is that a word?) of my pores. It might be just the side-effects of the product ‘removing impurities’ but whatever this toner is doing, I want it to keep doing it.Follow my blog with Bloglovin
July Beauty Favourites! | 2015
I just accidentally answered this privately so I thought I best post it here - sorry anon!
SOAP &amp; GLORY SUGAR CRUSH BODY WASH: £6.50 500MLThe first Sugar Crush post of the week (seriously) comes in the form of one of S&amp;G’s fab body washes. This 250ml ‘mini’ size has only half of the quantity of the usual 500ml bottles but has already lasted me months, and has still got a while to go. For well under a tenner these shower gels really are fantastic value for money and come in a whole hoard of lust-worthy scents, including (of course) Sugar Crush and my other favourite Smoothie Star (found in Rich and Foamous). Gorgeous fragrance, nice to use, not too drying/stripping and lasts forever - what more could you want in a body wash?